Add runtime/smart contract interactions (#1)
justinFrevert/Runtime-Contract-Interactions: README.md

# Substrate Runtime and Contract Interactions

## A Substrate node demonstrating two-way interactions between the runtime and Ink! smart contracts.

| :exclamation: This code is not audited or considered ready for production, and should not be used in a production-like environment without any necessary review and changes |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

## Motivation

> Examples of contract-to-runtime interactions are asked about in the context of Substrate support. `Chain extensions` are recommended for this case, and there are [several examples of them available](https://paritytech.github.io/ink-docs/macros-attributes/chain-extension). An example repository demonstrating chain extensions as well as pallet-to-contract calls has not been developed in a recent Substrate version.

Reviewer: I would focuse the introduction/context on what this repo does.
E.g. some suggested formulation:
```suggestion
This repository provides examples of contract-to-runtime interactions. `ChainExtension`s are recommended for this case, and there are [several examples of them available](https://paritytech.github.io/ink-docs/macros-attributes/chain-extension) from the perspective of usage in `ink!`. This repository aims to detail the Substrate side of `ChainExtension`s to serve as inspiration for future implementations.
```

Author: I can try to update this with this sort of wording, but I think it's important to note that the repository is not meant to only cover contract-to-runtime-interactions, but the inverse of that as well.

Author: I think if we want to jump into a description straightaway, then perhaps `Motivation` is not the correct title. Still thinking about this. What do you think about introducing the reason _for creating_ this repository?

Author: I updated it to introduce the project summary before this section. I hope that makes sense.
